Update multi-platform build documentation (#5887)
dotnet/dotnet-docker: samples/build-for-a-platform.md

In Docker terminology, `platform` refers to operating system + architecture. For example the combination of Linux and `x64` is a platform, described by the `linux/amd64` platform string. The `linux` part is relevant, however, the most common use for platform targeting is controlling the architecture, choosing (primarily) between `amd64` and `arm64`.

This document covers the different ways you can target a specific platform or multiple platforms when building .NET container images.

Notes:

- `amd64` is used for historical reasons and is synonymous with `x64`, however, `x64` is not an accepted alias.
- .NET tags are described in [.NET Container Tags -- Patterns and Policies](../documentation//supported-tags.md).

> - This document applies to Linux containers only. Windows .NET containers only support `x64`. Additionally, most of the examples on this page require BuildKit, which is not current supported for Windows containers on Windows (not to be confused with Linux containers on Windows).

Reviewer: I feel that the qualifiers at the end are unnecessary. Just saying "Windows containers" should be enough. That implies Windows host and "not Linux".
 
```suggestion
- This document applies to Linux containers only. Windows .NET containers only support `x64`. Additionally, most of the examples on this page require BuildKit, which is not currently supported for Windows containers.
```
